<!-- Do not edit this file. It is automatically generated by API Documenter. -->

[Home](./index.md) &gt; [spank-my-dom](./spank-my-dom.md)

## spank-my-dom package

## Functions

<table><thead><tr><th>

Function


</th><th>

Description


</th></tr></thead>
<tbody><tr><td>

[createElement(tagName, options)](./spank-my-dom.createelement.md)


</td><td>

Creates a new element, allowing you to define properties and child nodes at the same time.


</td></tr>
<tr><td>

[delegate(selectors, callback)](./spank-my-dom.delegate.md)


</td><td>

Create a delegate listener that fires on elements that match the provided selectors, as the event bubbles up through the DOM.


</td></tr>
<tr><td>

[emptyElement(element)](./spank-my-dom.emptyelement.md)


</td><td>

Empty an element.


</td></tr>
<tr><td>

[find(selectors, context)](./spank-my-dom.find.md)


</td><td>

Returns the first element within context that matches the given selectors.


</td></tr>
<tr><td>

[findAll(selectors, context)](./spank-my-dom.findall.md)


</td><td>

Fins all descendant elements within a given context, that also match the given selectors.


</td></tr>
<tr><td>

[findOrThrow(selectors, context)](./spank-my-dom.findorthrow.md)


</td><td>

Returns the first element within context that matches the given selectors, or throws if nothing is found.


</td></tr>
<tr><td>

[formDataToSearchParams(formData, options)](./spank-my-dom.formdatatosearchparams.md)


</td><td>

Takes a `FormData` object and converts it into a `URLSearchParams` object.


</td></tr>
<tr><td>

[getClosest(element, selectors, skipSelf)](./spank-my-dom.getclosest.md)


</td><td>

Traverse the element (unless skipped) and its parents until an element is found that matches the selectors.


</td></tr>
<tr><td>

[getData(element, name, reviver)](./spank-my-dom.getdata.md)


</td><td>

Get a data attribute's value from an element, optionally passing it through a reviver function to transform its value.


</td></tr>
<tr><td>

[getDataOrThrow(element, name, reviver)](./spank-my-dom.getdataorthrow.md)


</td><td>

Get a data attribute's value from an element, optionally passing it through a reviver function to transform its value.


</td></tr>
<tr><td>

[getFormData(form, options)](./spank-my-dom.getformdata.md)


</td><td>

Create a `FormData` object representing form fields and their values.


</td></tr>
<tr><td>

[getPartialClasses(searchType, element, partialValue)](./spank-my-dom.getpartialclasses.md)


</td><td>

Find classes on an element that partially match a value.


</td></tr>
<tr><td>

[getSiblings(direction, element, selectors)](./spank-my-dom.getsiblings.md)


</td><td>

Get the siblings of an element, optionally filtered by selectors.


</td></tr>
<tr><td>

[hideElement(element)](./spank-my-dom.hideelement.md)


</td><td>

Visually hide an element.


</td></tr>
<tr><td>

[loadImage(path)](./spank-my-dom.loadimage.md)


</td><td>

Load an image asynchronously.


</td></tr>
<tr><td>

[onElementAdded(tagName, callback, options)](./spank-my-dom.onelementadded.md)


</td><td>

Create an observer that will wait for specific elements to be added to the DOM later, optionally filtered by CSS selectors.


</td></tr>
<tr><td>

[onElementResized(element, callback, options)](./spank-my-dom.onelementresized.md)


</td><td>

Create an observer that will fire a callback whenever an element is resized.


</td></tr>
<tr><td>

[onPixelRatioChanged(callback, options)](./spank-my-dom.onpixelratiochanged.md)


</td><td>

Create a listener that will fire a callback whenever the pixel ratio of the current window changes.


</td></tr>
<tr><td>

[parseBoolean(input)](./spank-my-dom.parseboolean.md)


</td><td>

Parse a string value as a boolean.


</td></tr>
<tr><td>

[setGlobalCSSVariable(property, value)](./spank-my-dom.setglobalcssvariable.md)


</td><td>

Set a global CSS variable.


</td></tr>
<tr><td>

[showElement(element)](./spank-my-dom.showelement.md)


</td><td>

Visually show an element.


</td></tr>
<tr><td>

[toggleAttribute(element, name, value, force)](./spank-my-dom.toggleattribute.md)


</td><td>

Toggle the attribute of an element. If `force` is defined, turns the toggle into a one way-only operation. If set to `false`<!-- -->, the attribute will only be removed. If set to `true`<!-- -->, the attribute will only be added.


</td></tr>
<tr><td>

[waitAtLeast(minimumWaitMs, promise)](./spank-my-dom.waitatleast.md)


</td><td>

Given a `Promise`<!-- -->, wait a minimum period of time before resolving.


</td></tr>
<tr><td>

[waitForReadyState(state)](./spank-my-dom.waitforreadystate.md)


</td><td>

Create a `Promise` that will resolve once the document reaches the specified `readyState`<!-- -->, or immediately if it already has.


</td></tr>
</tbody></table>

## Type Aliases

<table><thead><tr><th>

Type Alias


</th><th>

Description


</th></tr></thead>
<tbody><tr><td>

[CreateElementOptions](./spank-my-dom.createelementoptions.md)


</td><td>

An optional configuration object for `createElement`<!-- -->.


</td></tr>
<tr><td>

[DelegateEvent](./spank-my-dom.delegateevent.md)


</td><td>

The event data returned in the callback.


</td></tr>
<tr><td>

[FormDataToSearchParamsOptions](./spank-my-dom.formdatatosearchparamsoptions.md)


</td><td>

An optional configuration object for `formDataToSearchParams`<!-- -->.


</td></tr>
<tr><td>

[GetFormDataOptions](./spank-my-dom.getformdataoptions.md)


</td><td>

An optional configuration object for `getFormData`<!-- -->.


</td></tr>
<tr><td>

[OnElementAddedOptions](./spank-my-dom.onelementaddedoptions.md)


</td><td>

An optional configuration object for `onElementAdded`<!-- -->.


</td></tr>
<tr><td>

[OnElementResizedOptions](./spank-my-dom.onelementresizedoptions.md)


</td><td>

An optional configuration object for `onElementResized`<!-- -->.


</td></tr>
<tr><td>

[OnPixelRatioChangedOptions](./spank-my-dom.onpixelratiochangedoptions.md)


</td><td>

An optional configuration object for `onPixelRatioChanged`<!-- -->.


</td></tr>
</tbody></table>

